Cloud SIEM Release Notes for April 11, 2024 (#3978)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-cse/2024-04-11-application-update.md

---
title: April 11, 2024 - Application Update
keywords:
  - cloud siem

>   - MITRE
>   - UI theme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - mitre
  - light theme
```

tags: [application update]
image: https://help.sumologic.com/img/sumo-square.png
hide_table_of_contents: true
authors:
  - url: https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-cse/rss.xml
    image_url: /img/release-notes/rss-orange.png
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

### MITRE ATT&amp;CK&reg; Explorer Enhancements

We're excited to announce multiple enhancements to our MITRE ATT&amp;CK Threat Coverage Explorer.

> * **Rules Filtering** - You can now easily filter the coverage visualization based on rules, including rules you've created and out-of-the-box rules, as well as enabled, disabled, production and prototype rules. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Rules Filtering** - You can now easily filter the coverage visualization based on rules, including out-of-the-box and user-created rules, as well as enabled, disabled, production and prototype rules. 
```

* **Customizable Colors** - You can now customize the tile colors to your own scheme.

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/release-notes/cse/mitre-attack-explorer-custom-colors.jpg')} alt="Custom MITRE ATT&amp;CK Explorer Color Palette"/>

For full details, see the [MITRE ATT&amp;CK Explorer documentation](/docs/cse/administration/mitre-coverage/).

### New UI Themes for Cloud SIEM

We are also excited to announce that Cloud SIEM now supports two different UI themes: the default "dark" theme, and a new "light" theme:

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/release-notes/cse/csiem-light-dark-theme.jpg')} alt="Light and Dark theme examples in Cloud SIEM"/>

The theme is set per user, and can be changed on the Sumo Logic user preferences page:

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/release-notes/cse/theme-setting.jpg')} alt="Option to change UI theme"/>

Note that the setting currently only affects Cloud SIEM and the Automation Service, but in the future this setting will also affect other pages in the Sumo Logic UI.

### Bug fixes

> * Sometimes Terraform would time out waiting for match lists to be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Terraform no longer times out while waiting for match lists to be updated.
```

---
title: April 11, 2024 - Application Update
keywords:
  - cloud siem
  - mitre
  - light mode
  - dark mode
tags: [application update]
image: https://help.sumologic.com/img/sumo-square.png
hide_table_of_contents: true
authors:
  - url: https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-cse/rss.xml
    image_url: /img/release-notes/rss-orange.png
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

> ### MITRE ATT&amp;CK&reg; Explorer Enhancements

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### MITRE ATT&amp;CK&reg; Coverage Enhancements
```

Reviewer 2: It's "MITRE ATT&CK Coverage" in the UI. We should align with that in the release notes.

> We're excited to announce multiple enhancements to our MITRE ATT&amp;CK Threat Coverage Explorer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We're excited to announce multiple enhancements to our MITRE ATT&amp;CK Coverage page.
```

Author: We should leave this one.

* **Rules Filtering** - You can now easily filter the coverage visualization based on rules, including out-of-the-box and user-created rules, as well as enabled, disabled, production and prototype rules. 
* **All Community Activity** - This view now defaults to show only the vendor and product logs that are being sent to Cloud SIEM from your data sources. This gives you a better comparison between what your theoretical and historical coverage shows and what other customers of Cloud SIEM using those same log sources are seeing. You can still change the filter to display other (or all) log sources.

> * **Customizable Colors** - You can now customize the tile colors to your own scheme.
> 
> <img src={useBaseUrl('img/release-notes/cse/mitre-attack-explorer-custom-colors.jpg')} alt="Custom MITRE ATT&amp;CK Explorer Color Palette"/>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Customizable Colors** - You can now customize the tile colors to your own scheme. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/release-notes/cse/mitre-attack-explorer-custom-colors.jpg')} alt="Custom MITRE ATT&amp;CK Explorer Color Palette"/>
```

> For full details, see the [MITRE ATT&amp;CK Explorer documentation](/docs/cse/administration/mitre-coverage/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For full details, see the [MITRE ATT&amp;CK Coverage documentation](/docs/cse/administration/mitre-coverage/).
```
